When I received the adjudication, I was devastated. I immediately requested a meeting with all involved and after a couple weeks we all met on zoom.

My only regret is I did not record the session.


During the session they had said the only thing they checked for during the grade remediation review process was if the instructor had bias in grading.
The only part of my request relating to bias was for the participation points. When I brought up the other points I had made, they said they did not check for
whether any of my other points were valid and continued reiterating how the only thing checked for was instructor bias in grading. When I specifically made
arguements against the instructor incorrectly grading my work (specifically with Final Exam Q31, time complexity of searching a BST) and gave proof from various
sources that agreed with me. To this they responded an expert checked all my points and would have found if the instructor made a mistake and then AGAIN reiterated
the (changing words now) PRIMARY thing they checked for was instructor bias in grading. I quickly realized this meeting was not going to come to any conclusion, thanked
them for their time, and left defeated.

It is as per Senate Policy G-10 that grade mediation and adjudication reasons could include (but are not limited) to :
        * The instructor did not inform the student of the basis for calculation of grades as required in 47-20
        * The instructr did not calculated the student's grade for an assignment or in the course in accordance with the instructor's stated policy for calculating grades.
        * There is an error in the computation of the grade that was no corrected.
        * The student, through no fault of their own, was not provided with the same opportunity to complete the requirements for the course in terms, for example, of time,
          access to course or lab materias, or access to the instructor as the other students.


Clearly bias is not the only reason for a grade to be adjudicated. However, after countless hours researching and many meets/emails between me and instructors, deans, and the
vice chancellor, I was exhausted and feeling defeated. I am sure there is a legal case here and I wanted to bring it to a lawyer but the following semester I stopped going to
classes, failed, and was put on academic suspension until the next fall. In doing so (with no proper warning to me) all of my access to emails, lionpath, etc... was removed
and when I finally got them back all of my data was erased. Any work from previous classes, emails, documents I had saved. Maybe they are saved in the accounts of the people 
involved with the process but I have no faith after how they acted they would not have deleted any evidence of what they did (or in my case didn't do). 


This entire process really broke me and changed Penn State from being a wonderful place that I enjoyed attending and learning to some dark ominous entity that does not actually 
care about its students. Maybe one day Jonathan will read this, see the er in his ways, and learn and grow from it in order to better serve his future students. To him I have one 
overarching message; School is about learning, even for teachers. If a student clearly demonstrates mastery of the material and is able to correct your mistakes, instead of letting 
your ego get in the way you should work with them to improve your class for other students. I constantly gave you feedback and even a couple questions on our midterm/final you 
ended up changing and having to regrade because they were wrong. Hopefully this is another time you will change.


I am uploading all the problem statements and this because it is not apparent to me that if Penn State Faculty and Staff do not have to follow senate policies, 
then they do not apply to students. 
